what's going on guys Jerry Neutron here
and today we're going to take a look at
a new case from fantex this is the N to
evolve ITX the budget-friendly little
brother of the original and to evolve
now there were some design revisions
made with this version of the evolve as
well as some build quality sacrifices in
order to meet a specific budget the
first thing you'll notice is the thick
aluminum panels are gone and have been
replaced with a mix of steel and plastic
materials the i/o ports removed upfront
as requested by many users and there is
still a small LED lighting up the front
of the case although it no longer comes
with interchangeable LEDs the front
panel cover does pull off rather easily
to reveal a removable dust filter and an
included
200 millimeter fan underneath on the top
cover you'll find a few small vents for
ventilation as well as a single power
button at the rear of the case you can
see the exhaust fan back io2 PCI slots
and a bottom mounted PSU there's also
removable dust filter just underneath
that to help keep your components clean
and moving along fantex has redesigned
the tinted side panel window to better
fit the ITX chassis I do like the design
decision here as it gives you access to
more of your components if we remove the
side panel which is held on by thumb
screws we can see the interior of the
chassis which is designed to fit Mini
ITX motherboards I do like the approach
fantex is taken with the interior design
as there is no wasted space
you get a large motherboard cutout which
will allow access to the backside of the
motherboard for mounting aftermarket
coolers there are large rubber grommets
for routing cables the case does not
come with a rear exhaust fan in order to
stay in budget but can fit one up to 140
millimeters there's two PCI slots for
your graphics card which speaking of
this case can fit GPUs up to 330
millimeters there's also this nicely
thought out bracket which fantex calls
the multifunctional mid plate and this
plate can hold an additional hard drive
or SSD or it can even be used to mount a
water cooling reservoir now I like this
a lot because it gives you additional
storage or cooling solutions all without
blocking the graphics card which sits
just underneath
and another great thing about this case
is the removable radiator bracket but
all it takes is four screws and this
plate slides out which makes radiator
installation much easier in a small case
and this bracket supports radiators up
to 280 millimeters and speaking of
radiators this case supports up to a 240
millimeter radiator up front and up to a
hundred forty millimeter radiator in the
rear now moving to the back side of the
case you will find the power supply
mounting location where there is plenty
of room to hide any extra cables there's
also a hard drive cage which can fit two
three and a half or two and a half inch
drives and this cage is actually
removable and a pump bracket can be
installed in its place
now storage can become a bit of an issue
however if you do decide to use their
pump and reservoir mounting locations as
that only leaves a single SSD mount in
the rear as for cable management there's
only a couple cable tie points to hold
your cables in place however it was easy
keeping everything tidy on the visible
end as you can see in the completed
build everything came together rather
nicely the Evolve ITX is not the
smallest ITX case coming in at two
thirty by three seventy five by three
ninety five millimeters but the internal
layout is nicely thought out they even
kept water coolers in the loop along the
way my only real complaint is that they
went the budget route with the ITX
version I really would have liked to
have seen that premium build quality of
the original evolve combined with the
design improvements of the mini ITX
version but that's just me let me know
what you guys think down in the comments
below would you buy this case for a mini
ITX build anyway that's about it guys
don't forget to like this video if you
found it helpful or entertaining
subscribe for more similar content and
until next time see ya top card you can
buy for the money but let me know what
you guys think what are your top five
GPUs at the moment I know there are some